scala-osx-keyboard
==================

A keyboard mapping for OS X geared toward Unicode/greek Scala programming

This keymap is public domain

From the Ukulele manual (that I used to create this keymap):

There are three places that you can install a keyboard layout. The
first is within the Keyboard Layouts sub- folder of the Library folder
in your home folder. This can be created if it doesn’t already
exist. If you install it there, only you will be able to use the
keyboard layout. Other users on the same computer will not have access
to it.

To allow all users to use the keyboard layout, install it into the
Keyboard Layouts sub- folder of the Library folder at the top level of
your start-up disk. Again, create the folder if it doesn’t already
exist.

If you are on a server, and you want to make the keyboard layout to
all users on the network, put the keyboard layout in the Keyboard
Layouts sub-folder of the Library folder in the Network folder at the
top level.

Most importantly, after you have installed a keyboard layout, log out
and log in again, or restart the computer.  After installing the
keyboard layout and logging out and logging in again, open the
Language & Text pane of System Preferences (International on Mac OS X
10.5 (Leopard) and earlier). On the Input Sources (Input Menu in 10.5
or earlier) tab, your new keyboard lay- out should be listed — you
will likely need to scroll the list down to find it. Click the check
box next to it to make it active. You should then see it in the input
menu. Select it, and you should now be able to type with your keyboard
layout, as long as you are in an application that handles Unicode.
